Welcome back to Movie Recaps.
Today I will show you a horror, mystery film
from 2017, titled Rings.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
A video is playing on a monitor in plane that's
about to make its descent.
A man is getting nervous, when a woman next
to him starts talking to him.
He immediately tells her about a videotape
that supposedly kills you in 7 days after
you've watched it.
The man had met a woman precisely a week ago,
who sent him said video.
He found an old VCR and played the tape.
When it was over, his phone ringed and a girl's
voice told him that he has 7 days.
After the call, everything had became strange.
Suddenly, his nose starts bleeding and he
goes to the toilet.
A second woman appears next to the first one
and she tells her about the guy.
He is in the toilet, when strange things start
happening.
The second woman bangs on the door and asks
him if he'd made a copy of the tape, saying
that she's also seen it.
All of a sudden, the strange video begins
appearing on all the monitors on the plane.
Black liquid is running out od the toilet
and the man freaks out, trying to get away
from it.
The plane begins to fall, as a long-haired
girl can be seen coming out of the monitors.
Two years later, Sky is at a bazaar and she
sees a VCR.
Gabriel approaches and tells her that he'll
buy it.
The guy selling the vintage things had told
him that it belonged to the man that died
in the plane crash.
Later, Gabriel is trying to fix the VCR and
an old tape pops out.
Sky is getting ready to leave his place, when
he asks her if she wants to watch the tape
with him.
She's in a hurry and leaves, so he decides
to watch it by himself.
The tape doesn't work at first and when he
goes to light a cigarette the VCR suddenly
starts working.
He watches the strange tape.
A woman can be seen brushing her hair as well
as a long-haired girl's reflection.
The woman is seen jumping of a cliff.
When the video ends, Gabriel gets the call
from the girl that he has 7 days to live.
A fly comes out of his cigarette.
Gabriel goes to the window to smash it and
notices that the rain outside is falling in
the wrong direction.
Julia is in her bed listening to Holt tell
her the story of Orpheus.
They almost kiss, but his alarm activates.
She tells him that he needs to pack for college.
Holt's dead is putting his luggage in the
trunk telling him that they need to go.
They say goodbye and he drives off to college.
Six weeks later, the two of them talk on skype.
He tells her about his classes and that it
will be a week until he comes back home.
Suddenly his friends appear and drag him away
to go to a party.
The next day, she's waiting for him to text
her back.
That night, she has a wet dream about Holt,
that quickly turns into a nightmare and she
wakes up screaming.
Suddenly, she gets a call from Holt, but when
she picks up, it's Skye asking where he is.
Her face is distorting as she tells Julia
that Holt is a dead man walking, because the
girl is coming for him and she can't be stopped.
The call drops and she calls him on his phone,
but he doesn't pick up.
Julia packs and drives off to see Holt.
While driving, she keeps leaving him voice
messages.
She arrives at his campus the next day.
Julia knocks on his door and when no one answers,
she walks in.
She finds his phone on the ground.
Holt has text messages from Skye, telling
him to meet her after biology class.
Julia grabs a key from his board and takes
a look at his schedule to see when he has
that class.
Later, Gabriel is seen giving a lecture.
He's their professor.
Julia walks into class and he immediately
calls attention to her.
Gabriel ends the lecture and Julia goes over
to talk to him.
Gabriel tells her that he can't really remember
him and that she should move on because he
might have simply found someone else.
Julia doesn't believe that he doesn't know
Holt so she follows him.
She sees which floor he got off from and takes
the second elevator.
When she can't choose the same floor, she
uses the key she found in Holt's dorm room.
The moment she steps out from the elevator
she sees a TV.
There's a camera mounted on it, recording
everyone that enters.
She finds a book by Gabriel on the mystery
of Samara, the long-haired girl from the videos.
On the same floor, Julia finds a room with
distorted pictures from students and sees
one from Holt too.
Checking out the room, she sees Skye arguing
with Gabriel.
She tells him that Holt hasn't been picking
up his phone and that Gabriel has to help
her because he started everything.
Sky explains that she can feel Samara and
that she knows what they're doing.
Gabriel tells her to go home and wait until
someone comes to watch the video.
Julia notices a few screens with running countdowns
with Holt's name on one of them.
She runs out after Skye, asking her why she
called her and where she can find Holt.
Skye tells her that she can help her but that
she needs to show her something first.
They walk into Skye's place and she immediately
sits down on her computer.
Julia notices Skye's phone ring.
Holt is texting her and Julia sends him a
message.
He asks her if she's with Skye, while she
is cueing up a copy of the video for her to
watch.
Holt tells her not to watch the video.
Skye notices that Julia has her phone and
they fight.
She begs her to watch the video, but Julia
pushes her off and hides.
Skye begs her for help.
Suddenly, the video starts playing on the
computer.
Skye smashes her computer.
For a moment, she thinks that she has outsmarted
Samara, but her TV begins playing the video.
Skye plugs it out, but it just comes on again.
Samara begins walking out of the well and
Skye smashes the TV too.
Samara keeps coming out of the TV and Sky
doesn't know what to do anymore.
Samara lifts up the screen and comes out of
it going after Skye.
She tries to pull away from her, but Samara
keeps coming for her and kills her.
Julia hears the screams and peeks through
the keyhole.
Suddenly, Samara appears at the door.
She unlocks it and when it opens, Julia can
see Skye's body on a chair.
She runs toward the apartment door, but realizes
she needs a key to get out.
Julia walks over to Skye's body to take her
keys and when she sees her face she freaks
out.
She unlocks the door and Holt appears in front
of the place, asking her what happened and
if she's seen the video.
Julia tells him that Skye is dead.
Later that night, Holt calls Gabriel.
The professor knows about Skye and tells him
that people have started dropping out of the
watching circle.
Holt asks is he still has someone watching
the video for him.
Gabriel promises he will find him someone
to watch it.
Holt apologizes to Julia for not telling her,
but says that he didn't want her involved.
He'd seen the video 12 hours after Skye when
Gabriel asked him to be a part of an experiment.
The professor has told them that it would
prove the existence of the afterlife and the
tape is a doorway there.
Holt explains that after you see the tape
you have 7 days to find someone to watch it
too and you're safe.
Julia is mad at him for getting involved in
something like that.
Later, she wakes up next to Holt and sees
an imprint of a hand on his back.
Julia gets up and watches Holt's copy of the
video.
It's filled with disturbing and surreal images.
It ends with an image of the well.
The phone rings.
Julia gets the "7 days" call.
She has a vision of a door and when she touches
the handle, her hand gets burned.
Holt wakes up and she tells him that she watched
it.
When Gabriel calls he tells him that she'll
need someone to watch a copy of the video
for her.
Later, the two of them are driving to get
to Gabriel, when Julia sees a bird crash into
the window and they almost have an accident.
Holt doesn't see the bird.
She runs out of the car and finds the bird
flopping on the street, when she almost gets
hit by a truck.
Holt pulls her away in time, but the bird
isn't there anymore.
They arrive at Gabriel's place and Holt tells
him that unlike the rest, she got marked on
the first day, which means that the curse
is changing.
As they're taking a scan of Julia's hand,
Gabriel tells them that he was wrong about
what the tape and the experiment meant.
He tells Julia what she needs to do to stay
alive, but she doesn't want to do that to
another person.
Holt convinces her to make a copy of the video,
just in case.
When she goes to do it, Gabriel notices that
her version won't copy.
They realize that her copy is a larger file
than the original.
They scrub through the video and see the bird
Julia saw in the car.
Gabriel says that it shouldn't be there.
They go to his office to get his equipment.
He goes through the video and finds data contained
in the additional still frames in Julia's
copy, basically a video within a video.
Holt sits down to watch the video with her,
but Gabriel says that it might be intended
for Julia alone.
She convinces him to let her watch it by herself.
He holds her hand.
The video is much different than before.
She tells them what she sees: a clock, a cross
in a flood and a girl.
She sees a burning body, a door and Samara
at the end.
Gabriel says that those images have never
been on the tape before.
He also explains that in some cultures burning
the body releases the spirit as well.
Julia remembers seeing the cross before and
she shows them.
Gabriel tells her that is the place where
Samara was buried.
Julia says that it's where they need to go
and suddenly the phone rings.
Someone has informed Gabriel that the police
are on they're way there.
He will stay back to talk to the police because
he feels guilt for Skye's death.
Before they leave he gives them his entire
research on Samara and the tape.
Julia and Holt drive to the church where she
was buried.
She says that the images on the tape were
Samara's story, which she wanted heard.
The girl was abandoned as a child and no one
knew where she came from.
When she was adopted, they realized that there
was something evil inside her.
They tried to kill her, but Samara survived
7 days at the bottom of the well.
Her body was discovered years later.
However, Julia doesn't know why her body was
taken to the town where she was buried.
She has another vision of a pregnant girl
that was on the tape.
They arrive at a motel and get a room.
Julia sees the pregnant girl on a picture
and asks the owner about it.
She tells them that the girl disappeared 30
years prior and that she doesn’t want to
talk about it further.
The two of them go to the church and walk
into an AA meeting.
They look around, but when they don't find
something they think would help, they leave.
Holt asks a man about the church and why it
closed.
As he's telling him that it happened after
a flood, Julia sees a flock of birds showing
her to the cemetery.
Meanwhile, Gabriel is packing up his stuff
when he notices something.
He takes another look at Julia's palm print
and tries to call them.
He can't reach them, so he decides to find
them.
Gabriel leaves Holt a message that the mark
on Julia's pam in actually in braille.
Simultaneously, Julia and Holt are at the
cemetery looking for Samara's grave.
Julia finds an unmarked one and has a flashback
about it from the video.
She calls Holt over, then listens to some
kind of sound coming from inside the grave.
Holt finds her and Julia tells him that Samara's
there.
They open the grave up, but find no body inside.
Julia thinks that someone has moved her.
She sees an inscription inside the grave and
crawls in.
The inscription says "She will find you Julia".
Suddenly, she gets closed up inside the grave
and hears something behind her.
The video begins to play on her phone.
Chains can be seen on the video and they suddenly
materialize on Julia's arm.
She gets dragged through the grave up to the
well.
Suddenly, Holt pulls her out.
It seems that she had another vision.
A dog starts barking at them and when Holt
tells it's owner that they're looking for
Samara, he tells them that he knows.
The man takes them to Burke's house.
When they arrive he tells him that he found
them breaking inside the grave.
He asks him if he should take them to the
sheriffs office, but Burke says that he can
take care of it.
Burke invites them in.
They sit down for tea and he asks how they
found her grave.
Julia tells him about her vision that got
them there, as well as the vision she had
inside.
Burke tells them how the body came to their
town.
Their priest wanted to give her a resting
place, but the town almost got destroyed because
of that.
Holt realizes that the flood was because of
her.
Burke tells Julia that he also believed that
Samara was trying to tell him something.
He was also pulled inside the grave and had
terrible visions.
After that he lost his eyesight, which almost
came as a relief.
The priest requested her body to be moved.
Before they leave, he warns them that they
shouldn't look for her and tells Julia that
even if she had visions, it doesn't mean she
understands what they were about.
They shake hands and he reads the inscription
in braille on her palm, but doesn't tell her
what it means.
He says that they should be careful.
Holt and Julia get out of there and still
go looking for the body.
On their way there they get stopped by the
police because the road has been closed.
Suddenly, Julia has another vision of the
pregnant girl and runs out of the car.
The cop stops Holt and she follows her vision
down the road.
It takes her to a crashed car with Gabriel
inside.
Julia runs over to him and he wakes.
He tries to tell her about the inscription
on her hand, as Holt is running toward them,
pulling her aside in time before a pole can
crush her too.
Gabriel dies.
Later, Holt brings his bag and says that Gabriel
wanted to tell them something.
Julia says that the girl wanted to tell them
something too - that she's connected to Samara.
She says that they need to go back.
In the hotel, Julia says that she can feel
her pain and suffering.
Holt leaves to bring back some food and leaves
her there alone.
Julia watches the video again and realizes
what the ring in the beginning is.
Meanwhile, Holt walks into a diner and sits
next to the owner of the motel.
He asks her about the girl from the photo.
Simultaneously, Julia goes back to the abandoned
church and breaks in.
She immediately heads to the church bell and
sees water underneath it.
She bangs on the ground and realizes that
it's hollow.
Julia breaks off the flooring and finds a
trap door underneath.
The woman is telling Holt about the girl.
She tells him that she just vanished.
Julia goes under the church and finds a room.
She sees the pregnant girl's sweater and a
bird cage she saw in the video.
Julia realizes that the priest kept the girl
down there and suddenly hears someone behind
her.
When she turns around the girl disappears
and Julia has a vision of how the room was
in the past.
There's banging on the door in front and she
walks opens it.
Julia flashes her light inside and a vision
of the girl appears again.
She finds chains on the floor and markings
on the wall of the days the girl was kept
inside.
She figures out that it amounts to 8 and a
half months.
The girl was pregnant with Samara while she
was being kept in.
In the meantime, the owner tells Holt that
they never found out what happened to the
girl.
She also tells him that Burke is the priest.
Holt leaves and Julia arrives at Burke's house.
Julia tells him that she understands the visions
and asks about the priest.
He asks her about what she knows and she tells
him what she found out about the girl.
Julia says that the curse will never stop
until she's free.
Holt comes back into the motel and finds her
gone.
Burke tells Julia that he was certain that
he would father a child that would change
the world.
He shows her that he took his own sight and
pins her down when she tries to run.
Julia realizes that he's Samara's father and
that she's still his prisoner because he moved
her bones.
Julia runs, but can't get out of the house.
Burke turns off all the lights and looks for
her.
He tells her that she's the 12th person that
has looked for Samara and that she can't bring
her peace, but instead would unleash hell
on the world.
Burke finds her and hits her.
Meanwhile, Holt is running to his house.
The priest is going after Julia and says that
he will not allow her to set Samara free.
He chained the girl up because she was trying
to kill their child and that he should've
let her.
The two of them struggle and he falls down
the stairs.
Julia has another vision.
She follows a light to a room and when she
opens the door she sees many of the things
she had seen in the video.
Julia follows her visions around the house,
not understanding what Samara is trying to
show her, when her nose starts bleeding.
Samara shows her where she is buried, so Julia
starts tearing off the wall.
Meanwhile, Holt breaks into the house and
hears Julia upstairs.
He looks for her through the house and gets
to the stairs, when he finds something on
the floor.
The priest is still alive and knocks him out.
Julia tears through the wall and finds Samara's
remains.
Burke gets to her too and starts strangling
her.
Samara appears on Julia's phone.
Julia has another vision in which Samara asks
her not to leave her.
Samara raises out of Julia's phone.
Burke turns around when he hears her and she
heals his eyes.
He finally looks at her and dies just like
the rest.
Holt wakes up and finds Julia.
She tells him that it's not over yet.
That night, they're seen burning Samara's
remains.
Julia says that she's free.
Later, Julia is taking a shower and Holt finally
listens to Gabriel's voicemail, saying that
the inscription on Julia's hand is in braille.
Holt finds the scan of her palm in one of
his books.
Meanwhile, Julia sees that she has a broken
callus on her palm.
She tears at it.
When she comes out of the shower Julia begins
to choke and to take out strands of hair from
her throat aa well as a sack made out of hair.
A fly comes out of it.
Julia looks at herself in the mirror, then
has another vision of Samara, saying that
it won't stop.
Holt translates the braille inscription from
Julia's hand and before he reaches to the
final letter the computer goes haywire sending
the video to all of Julia's contacts.
When the translation is done it shows the
word "rebirth".
He calls for Julia.
She is looking at herself in the mirror and
when she wipes the vapor off of it, she's
turned into Samara.